# MCCProgramming-Java
Overview:
This repository is for use as a reference for programming courses I completed as part of my Java Programming I and Java Programming II courses I took between December 2020 - February 2021, and between February 2021 - May 2021 respectively.
Class Structure:
These courses were similar to each other, however Java Programing I was one of my very first programming experiences, while Java Programming II was later. Java Programming I was based on understanding the fundamenals of programming, and learning how to use Java ANT. As such, projects were very small, and dealt only with Command Line Interface Applications. Java Programming II focused on solving more intense projects, including learning Graphical User Interface Application development using Swing. The course structure of both classes were very similar, class was held twice a week, with the instructors usually lecturing during that time. Every week we completed an assignment focused on the topics covered in lecture. The assignments generally were individual projects that increased in scope every week, with a final project.
MCC Structure:
Courses at MCC were part of a selective programming academy I applied for through my high school. The process of learning during this academy heavily emphasized self learning. Courses at MCC operate under a quarterly structure, but in the programming academy courses were split over trimesters. Every trimester, I participated in 2 courses that focused on different topics.
Note:
This is not a full list of projects I made in this class, but the ones I had saved on my machine. These projects may not be the most recent version, as use of VCS was required and most projects were saved under a GitLab account that I no longer have access to. The full list of courses is as follows: Computer Programming (in Python), Introduction to Information Technology, Web Page Creation (with CSS and HTML), Java Programming I, Java Programming II, Introduction to Internet Scripting (with JavaScript), Introduction to Database Design (with SQL), Mobile App Development (using Flutter and Dart), SQL Programming, C# Programming I, C# Programming II, and C++ Programming I. Of these courses I was only able to save Java and Javascript.
